about/index.markdown, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
---

My name is Reza Jatnika, a web developer and graduate student at School of
Electrical Engineering and Informatics, Bandung Institute of Technology.

I work at local startup [company](http://rakarsa.com) as a developer and co-founder.

## About this website
This website created using [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com) and based on this
[theme](https://github.com/redwallhp/solar-theme-jekyll) with some modification.
Take a look [here](https://github.com/rezajatnika/rezajatnika.github.io) to see what
lies inside.

## Open Source Projects
These are my open source projects, some of them are still work in progress.

- [GoBlog](https://github.com/rezajatnika/blog), blogging using markdown syntax when posting.
- [Rails Template](https://github.com/rezajatnika/rails_template), Rails 4 template with some basic scss.
- [Greyjoy](https://github.com/rezajatnika/greyjoy), an Octopress theme.
- [Jekyll Boiler](https://github.com/rezajatnika/jekyll-boiler), a base template for Jekyll with HTML5 Boilerplate.

Commit message:

Change font, fix sidebar on mobile browser
Change font, fix sidebar on mobile browser, and improve about page

about/index.markdown, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
---

My name is Reza Jatnika, a web developer and graduate student at School of
Electrical Engineering and Informatics, Bandung Institute of Technology.

I work at local startup [company](http://rakarsa.com) as a developer and co-founder.

## About this website
This website created using [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com) and based on this
[theme](https://github.com/redwallhp/solar-theme-jekyll) with some modification,
heavily on typography for better reading. Take a look
[here](https://github.com/rezajatnika/rezajatnika.github.io) to see what lies inside.

Fonts I use for this website:

- [Meslo](https://github.com/andreberg/Meslo-Font), great font for monospace type.
- [Lora](https://www.google.com/fonts/specimen/Lora), very readable serif font.

## Open Source Projects
These are my open source projects, some of them are still work in progress.

- [GoBlog](https://github.com/rezajatnika/blog), blogging using markdown syntax when posting.
- [Rails Template](https://github.com/rezajatnika/rails_template), Rails 4 template with some basic scss.
- [Greyjoy](https://github.com/rezajatnika/greyjoy), an Octopress theme.
- [Jekyll Boiler](https://github.com/rezajatnika/jekyll-boiler), a base template for Jekyll with HTML5 Boilerplate.
